Ensure routes to items are encoded correctly (#19604)
directus/directus: .changeset/tasty-zoos-repeat.md

---
"@directus/app": patch
---

> Ensured links to items in Kanban and Calendar layouts are properly encoded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensured links to items with special characters as primary key are properly encoded
```
